Docs consolidation (#2180)
ustaxcourt/ef-cms: docs/team-process.md

Now that you've logged in and played around with our Dawson system a bit on a deployed environment, let's talk about our team process and what is expected from our fellow teammates.  This part of the documentation should help members get on the same page when it comes to the soft-skills required to work as a well-oiled agile machine.

## Onboarding

Here are some few resources for documentation associated with onboarding:

1. [Onboarding checklist](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zhvp8vcWnVSvUbTKZ-0sHrf5lA6OTlpXqvjeLgKJtVk/edit#)

> 2. [Onboarding Reference Guide](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jOd0wAsqTDBKsFeEvUj9ezvdTimTsqTwkYd6Imibl3c/edit#)

Reviewer: :smiley: Thanks for adding these! I might remove the `/edit#`, but I'm not sure that actually changes anything.

> If you do not have permissions to view these documents, please reaach out to the scrum master. 

Reviewer: :pick: I'd add a newline here to separate the content from the next header in the editor.

> ## Working Agreement

Reviewer: :thinking: With the addition of the below sections, I think this heading should be renamed, but I'm not sure to what. As is we have this:

- Working Agreement
  - Working Agreement
  - Team Working Agreement

Maybe something like:

- Team Agreement
  - How We Work
  - How We Code

I don't know for sure.

Reviewer 2: I like the suggestion.. I'll make those changes

3. Knowledge Sharing - We value sharing as much knowledge as possible with team members to allow us to build a quality product.
4. Experimentation - Because we don’t know what we don’t know, we can’t give a clear cut answer/solution. By experimenting it increases optionality and helps us learn/reveal what we don’t know through the process of elimination. Sometimes multiple experiments are needed and failures can inform successes.
5. Quality - It's a fundamental value that ensures confidence, enables users at all levels to effectively achieve their goals (perform their duties). We strive to develop processes that increase the overall quality of our code and product.
6. Psychological Safety - Team members should feel safe to explore their ideas. Psych safety in a team ensures that all paths are seen as viable, therefore helping generate options in order to find the most effective and high quality path forward. Mistakes are valued as learning opportunities and failure generates more knowledge
Team Relationship Building - We encourage trust, strengthen our comfort in communicating with others, diversity of opinions, and foster empathy. 

### Working Agreement

> 1. Methods of Communication:Slack is the preferred messaging platform. Our slack workspace is organized into rooms with clear topics for focused discussion. The team maintains a #welcome channel with a directory of channels with clear descriptions and posting guidelines.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Methods of Communication: Slack is the preferred messaging platform. Our Slack workspace is organized into rooms with clear topics for focused discussion. The team maintains a #welcome channel with a directory of channels with clear descriptions and posting guidelines.
```

2. Retrospective: We retrospect often, following up on past experiments and other topics and coming up with future experiments to improve the team and project. We courageously bring topics to the retro in a psychologically safe space.

> 

Reviewer 3: Small nit, but there's an extra newline here.

4. Voting: As a team we will use multiple methods of voting for decision making within the team. The team will use Roman voting for quick feedback from the group on a singular topic. The team will use dot voting for discussions that have a variety of options to choose from in order to narrow down to a smaller list of actionable items.  Planning poker will be the tool we will use for estimation voting on the urgency and importance in regards to the DevEx/OpEx backlog.
5. Verbal Communication: Do your share of listening, and then verbally ask questions when you don’t understand.  Use the hand raising mechanism in Zoom to draw attention to your question.  Verbally checking for understanding is better than assuming.  Verbalize your concerns because others feel the same way.  Sometimes verbal communication doesn’t work, so try other communication mechanisms.

### Team Working Agreement

1. Smoke and integration tests are accurate to real life scenarios.

> 2. We don't merge a PR unless it's associated build is passing and the PR as at least one approval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. We don't merge a PR unless its associated build is passing and the PR has at least one approval.
```

Reviewer 2: Change addressed!

Since we strive to work in pairs and mobs, our stand ups focus more on group goals.  Every morning we meet to talk about our goals for our current sprint and also talk about our story goals for the day.  We setup **parking lot** items to give an opportunity to discuss any important topics that the entire team should be aware of.  We will often give small demos of story / bug progress to the Tax Court.

>  - Time of Ceremony: 9:30 AM CST

Reviewer 3: This is a really dumb nit of mine, but I'd make this just `CT` since more than half the year it is CDT.
```suggestion
 - Time of Ceremony: 9:30 AM CT
```

 - Frequency of Ceremony: Daily Monday through Friday

### Sprint Retrospective 

The retrospective is performed at the end of the sprint and offers the team a time to reflect on what went well or what they’d like to improve. 

>  - Time of Ceremony: 2:30-4:00 CST

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Time of Ceremony: 2:30-4:00 CT
```

 - Frequency of Ceremony: Every other week Tuesday

### Sprint Planning/Refinement

We have combined our grooming and planning into one event. During this meeting we groom stories for the sprint. While a sprint is 2 weeks, we groom every week to allow for shifting PO priorities.

>  - Time of Ceremony: 11:30-12:00 PM CST

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Time of Ceremony: 11:30-12:00 PM CT
```

 - Frequency of Ceremony: Every Tuesday 

### OpEx/DevEx Backlog Review

A meeting for the team to review the backlog of larger refactoring items and point for priority (importance/urgency).

Refactoring backlog: https://trello.com/b/9tgrIFfA/ef-cms-opex-devex

> Planning poker: https://play.planningpoker.com/play/game/6sDzcKNshsnarUet2HrnTeUYR3e5tvqB 

Reviewer 3: We should remove this line since we no longer use this tool.

>  - Time of Ceremony: 2:00-3:00 PM CST

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
 - Time of Ceremony: 2:00-3:00 PM CT
```

 - Frequency of Ceremony: Every 2 weeks on Monday 

### Epic Refinement 

 - Time of Ceremony: 2:00-3:00 PM CST

>  - Frequency of Ceremony: Every 2 weeks on Monday rint Review

Reviewer 3: Isn't the frequency of this ad hoc?  For example, I'm fairly sure this has happened only once while I've been on the team.

Reviewer 2: You're right. I changed it.
